Hahaha, how hard is that?
Come on, pen and ink to serve
Smile like a flower
Yuyin tactful flow
Persimmons can't recognize all the characters from small to large
How to write poetry and paint
Willow waist spring breeze
Birds follow the incense
As expected of the son of the prime minister
You can write poetry and paint at the same time.
This walk is gorgeous
The Duke of Rizhao wrote a poem about a civilized princess
Just right.
I thought it was strong
Not enough, huh?
You are so shameless
Who knows that the prince is tired of reading and knowing literature?
I advise you this round.
Why don't you just quit?
In fact, how do you plan to break it?
I have been familiar with poetry since childhood
Read the number of questions
Today, I am fortunate to see the beautiful beauty of the Linglong princess
Write a poem
clear the list
Pan America is like autumn water
Jade machine with breeze
Beauty is peerless
Who is the heart for?
vulgar
Linglong princess national beauty and natural fragrance
Described by you as a rouge fan
It's sad and lamentable and ridiculous